# October 2023

## Features

### Advanced Invoicing in Time Cockpit

Time cockpit's recent update brings significant enhancements to its invoicing capabilities. You can now create detailed invoices with invoice line items, custom articles and ready to use printable invoices. Learn more at [Billing](~/doc/project-time-tracking/billing.md).

### Improvements for Mobile Devices

We've been listening to your feedback, and so we've made significant improvements to the mobile experience of time cockpit, making it much more user-friendly on devices like tablets and phones. You can now easily access and interact with the time sheet calendar on the go. We've also improved the handling of time cockpit lists. Stay tuned for more improvements.

### Configurable Column Layout

We are pleased to introduce a new way to customize your time cockpit experience. With profiles, you have the flexibility to adjust list views to align with your unique workflow tailoring columns, sorting, grouping, and more to your preferences. Watch the video or go to the [docs](~/doc/ui/lists/entityview-profiles.md)!

<div style="padding:57.91% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/864699078?badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="create-entityview-profiles"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

### Formatting Profiles in the Web Client

With the latest updates to time cockpit, we've migrated a convenient feature from the full client that allows you to configure formatting profiles directly within the web client. Now, you have the flexibility to fine-tune your formatting preferences for a more personalized and efficient experience. Read more in the [docs](~/doc/timesheet-calendar/formatting-profiles.md).

### Print Time Reports

Users can now conveniently generate time reports in PDF or Excel format for a specified time period. This feature is particularly useful for users who need to generate time reports for multiple individuals, especially at the end of the month. Read more at [Time Report](~/doc/employee-time-tracking/time-report.md).

<div style="padding:56.25% 0 0 0;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/869442493?badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" title="print-time-reports"></iframe></div><script src="https://player.vimeo.com/api/player.js"></script>

## Bug Fixes & Improvements

tododo